Level: E1M7 Quake Conversion (Multiplayer Version)

Author: Zorkwiz (Peter Van Fleet)

E-mail: jvanfle1@maine.rr.com  until 9/98,  then pmv3@po.crwu.edu

Time Spent: 20-30 hours

Date Created 5/27-5/30 1998

Notes: This is my first multiplayer Unreal map, and it is a direct 
conversion of the map E1M7 from quake1, my favorite DM map of all 
time.  This map is currently for DM only. There is no goal for a 
single player game, though you can run around and shoot yourself if 
you'd like. If you aren't familiar with the quake map this is based 
on you should know that this is a fairly small map, ideal for 1 on 1 
deathmatches or up to 3-4 players max. This is the first playable user 
created DM map which I have seen out there. I hope you like it.
Feel free to send comments or questions my way. I would like to thank
EPIC megagames for providing such a great editor, everyone in #unrealed
on EFnet, and especially Inoxx for answering early questions about 
UnrealED, Jon Renner, for helping me test and distribute the map, |Rampage|, 
forbeing from Italy, and |Speed|, for being 16 years old. I'd also 
like to thank the guys at UnrealNation for a great site, and great info,
Specifically Stonage and Sho. Finally, I'd like to thank my friend Phil
for playing this map in Quake SOOO much that noone in hell could ever 
get more than 1 kill to his 10.

Other Notes: This level is NOT my own design, and I take no credit for it.
I did spend the time converting it to Unreal, however, the original map
was the final map in the first episode of Quake1, by ID software. I
give them all of the credit for such a great DM design.

Finaly: Feel free to edit this map to make it suit your needs, but do NOT
distribute any map derived from this one without my permission. You are
encouraged to distribute the map in it's original form, with this readme
file. Thanks for reading this far, and have fun.

One More Thing: There will likely be a single player version of this map 
in the near future, check out Jon Renner's unreal editing site at
http://home1.gte.net/renner/ for any new maps I may create.