---------------------------------------------------------------
Map Name: 	The Deep Dark Wells
Release Date:   June 3rd, 1998.  11pm EST.
Revision:	Pre-Release.
Author:		Daniel Blair-Johns (arteris@technologist.com)
---------------------------------------------------------------

	A nice little Deathmatch level I got the idea for while
working on my Single Player level.  This however isn't the end of
this level as I'm planning on adding more to it later.  Heck, it
might even become part of the series of single player levels I'm
planning for an add-on but I'm not gonna go into detail on that. ;)
Was hoping to do a Total Conversion but don't want to get OVER
ambitious considering this is my first foray.

	Please report any flaws/bugs you find within the level for
future reference.  Also, this level is not to be modified or re-used
in any way other than it's original form unless given the explicit
permission of the author.

Background Story:  (for those that care)

	You stood at the edge of the suspicious dome.  Looking down
through the opening at the top you say the machinery beneath you
chugging away.  Climbing back down the hill you read the report from the
now empty guardhouse..

	"... continue to proceed with core burn-off of excess waste.  Continue to
use the melting ice chunk in section 02 to keep the burn-off from overheating.  
Section 01 is still awaiting a new block that should be delivered within the next
couple weeks.  At that point we'll cool off the core again and connect the final two
sections for maximum efficiency.  Teams are still looking into the caves we found while
excavating the new sectors... "

	Reading the report and looking at the massacared bodies, the tell-tale marks of
the Skaarj blades across their chest.  Sighing deeply you unholstered the disruptor pistol,
checked the energy level and continued in the steps of your ancestor, and jumped down into
the pit, ready to clean house..."


(Of course because this is only a deathmatch level right now all you found was a bunch of
evil frag hungry people out to kill ya ;)

More information on the add-on series I'm planning will be posted on PlanetUnreal when I got
my website running.

Daniel (a.k.a. Arteris)
arteris@techonologist.com