The Moebius Hub
---------------

Place this file in your valve/maps directory of half life.

A half life deathmatch map by Nicholas "ProMagnoN" Lawson.

This map is meant to be a more tactical deathmatch in the "lab" setting.  There are
several piles of crates, instruments, and machines to hide behind, as well as 
a bullet proof glass wall with an arched door in it.  From the top the map would
look somewhat like a figure eight, but at a wierd angle.  There is a metal grating
walkway running around the top and most places on the map have several methods
of accessing them.  To get the rpg you have to jump into the water, making a 
splashing noise and alerting whoever might be listening.  To get the snarks you
have to jump from the top grate walkway to the crates beside it, likewise with 
the hornet, but in that case you can also hop up the crates from the floor level.
To get the crossbow you have to do the same but with a little extra bother... and
ammo is scarce for the bow so you have to take each shot carefully.

There is a reasonable amount of ammo, but not tonnes, I don't want wild crazy 
bullet fests.  Ammo is spread out though, so you won't be able to camp in one 
spot for very long without running out.

There is no EGON.  The EGON causes heavy lag and as it is at this point
it is in my opinion unsuitable for internet play.  The crossbow is in, but its not
so easy to get it, and ammo is scarce.

HINTS:  Use your ears!  Be especially alert when hearing splashing or metal foot
        steps.
        Take cover... theres usually a corner or obstacle nearby.  Play the brain
        game and you will live longer.
        Keep moving, as ammo is not usualy nearby the weapon that it belongs to.

STATISTICS
----------

Design time:  about 30 hours, 3 of which were rebooting due to bugs that crashed 
              win95 totaly from worldcraft 2 :(.
Compile time:  About 2 hours, several times rebuilt while creating.
Design machine:   Pentium 2-300 with 64 megs ram.
Design Points:  It took me freaking AGES to do that red edging to the floors
and it took me EVEN LONGER to align the girders textures, all around the middle
piece.  The level contains plenty of gentler more curved rather than angled pieces.
I also did most of the CSG _BY HAND_ by building the shape out of several neat and 
precise brushes instead of allowing Worldcraft's CSG to go wild and make millions
of wierd ass brushes.  Took a LONG time but its worth it.  Much nicer.
Author:  Nicholas "PROMAGNON" Lawson, 
Email: promagnon@home.com
Music listened to while designing:  "Shearing The Pin of the Universe Within. - KFMF"
Recommended players:  up to about 6 if you want a nice fight, but could probably do 8 or
so if you want all hell to break loose.  The spawn spots are in such a manner that less
respawn frags will happen, at least by the same person.
Comments:  Enjoy it!!!!

----------------------------=-=-=--------------------------------
ProMagnoN
promagnon@home.com