The PIPEWORKS
-------------

Another fine level by ProMagnoN
-------------------------------

Level theme:
-=-=-=-=-=-=
A pumping facility somewhere in HalfLifeLand ;).  Something has gone wrong 
and a pipe has blown in the basement, making for some very wet deaths and 
wierd fights below decks, while above the scuffle continues.  The 4 water
vats each have some useful item in, one of them has the crossbow and another 
has the alien Hivehand (but remember that if this level has a couple people 
in it you are rather vunerable there).

There are 2 chimeny stacks sticking out into the sunlight at the butt end 
of the facility, with a RPG between them.  I have made sure that there 
are _AT LEAST_ 2 ways to get to any one point, sometimes more!  

People seem to be having difficulty climbing to the top of the maintennance 
ladder and then getting off onto the platform.  This is because they still 
appear to be using ladders as if they are playing quake2.  All you do is you 
climb to the top and press JUMP.  it doesnt matter which direction you are 
facing, just press jump and you will land on the platform.

There are 2 "observation rooms" one in the basement and one HIGH HIGH up 
overlooking the facility.  Both have gauss guns in. (but no ammo... you must keep 
moving to collect the scatterings of ammo)  

The level is designed in such a way that it favors "clever" combat... that is, 
good use of objects to take cover behind, and using your brain to outsmart 
your opponents, and of course, listening carefully (Do  you hear a metallic 
footstep then a splash?  It means hes jumped into the one water silo... do 
you hear constant splashing?  It means hes wading through the basement!).   
There is a jump module and it CAN be used to GrEaT advantage in this level.  
You can also make a '1337' jump from the top observation room all the way 
to the roof of the maintennance shaft, it makes a reasonable "SURPRISE!" spot.  

This is a LARGE level... but if you want 'stalking' style of gameplay, play 
it with about 4 people, each of whom use their eyes and ears and brains 
rather than blundering through.  For more "Crazy Wild" game play, try it with 
a larger group, 8 or more ppl.  You will find that theres usually some kind  
of weapon nearby so pistol confrontations only happen if you LET THEM.

NOTES
-----

This map has been thouroughly tested!  It takes just over 9 hours to fully compile
so this is indeed quite a task to do.  I have had to do some minor but significant
changes about six times, then recompile.  This version is speed (and lag) optimized.
the test machines were a p2-300 with 16 megs ram and voodoo2 (8mb version) on which
it ran quite acceptably, and also a p2-300 with voodoo1 4mb, which got slow
at some places probably due to its very small 2mb texture memory.

Sorry about the filesize but that appears to be the only way to distribute maps
with custom textures in them :( that came out in testing also.

Enjoy it thoroughly, it cost me about 50 hours of map editing :) / playtesting / compiling

Stats
-----

Author name: Nicholas 'ProMagnoN' Lawson
Author email addy:  promagnon@home.com
Full Compile time: about 9 hours (!) each time.
Build time:   um... about 5 days worth of nonstop except to eat and sleep. heh.
Theme: Pipe works!!! 
Music listened to:  None :( CD player uses up valuable memory!!!!!
Size of swap file during compile:  230 MB (heh)
Number of times FULLY recompiled:  7.
Discoveries:  The CORDON tool!!!  The nifty hide buttons and stuff.  

ENJOY it !!!!

- ProMagnoN