Command Centre by Stephan "Instinkt" Whelan

Overview - You are a commando sent on a suicide mission into a command base of
a rebel faction in your government.  It is know that in the small complex 
there is an army of demons from hell being trained.  Your job is to eradicate
the centre of all life.  Most of the doors are key locked and the keys are
bound to be well hidden.  There are guards all over the complex so be careful.
Good Luck...
        Lt. Colonel Stephan "Instinkt" Whelan

Background - This is my first level ever created and it took me about 5 hours
to complete.  It is very simple but there are a lot of monster and hidden 
rooms.  I hope to be able to create some more levels that are larger and 
harder.  I thought this level was reasonably hard for a frequent player of 
doom.  I have NOT included any multiplayer aspects to this level because I
think it is too small and has to many locked doors to allow for an enjoyable
multiplayer game.

Legal Bit - I reserve the right to this level and its design, blah, blah, blah  
You can distribute it so long as all the files are in the same condition as
you recieved them.  I hope you enjoy it to its maximum.

Techie Support - If you really have any problems with this level then you can
contact me on CompuServe E-Mail on 100333,3106 or via the Internet at
Stephan.Whelan@wonder.dircon.CO.UK.Please remember that you need the 
REGISTERED version of doom to play this level.

Donations - Funds are short at the moment and if you feel gratious enough to
send a small donation of œ5 or $7 to me, it will inspire me to create other
levels and possibly a whole episode!
Please send any donations to:
                        Stephan "Instinkt" Whelan
                        6 Edgeborough Way,
                        Bromley,
                        Kent.
                        BR1 2UA
                        ENGLAND
Also if you have any ideas or suggestions for following levels you can E-Mail
me or send it the above address, and I will also include your name in any
credits for further levels.


        Thanx and Keep the demons down....

                Stephan "Instinkt" Whelan

