Title                   : Paddock (paddock.wad)   
Author                  : Rand Smith
Email Address           : CIS 75117,2173
Credits                 : Testers:  Recomm Rogues
			  Inspired by:  MIS at Recomm who wanted "a
					big field and some shotguns..."

* Play Information *

Episode and Level #     : MAP 01 DOOM ][
Single Player           : Yes
Cooperative 2-4 Player  : Sorta
Deathmatch 2-4 Player   : Most DEFINITELY! 
Difficulty Settings     : No
New Sounds              : No
New Graphics            : No
Demos Replaced          : None

* Construction *

Base                    : From scratch
Build Time              : 40 hours (Lots of refinement)
Editor(s) used          : DEU2
Known Bugs              : Two HOM effects, small (yes), annoying (yes),
			  and virtually unnoticeable (thankfully!).
			  (AUTHOR's NOTE:  Am I the only author who finds
			   the limit on 2S linedefs troublesome???)

* Copyright / Permissions *

Authors may do whatever they want with this level, but it might be nice
to give me some credit if they use it as a basis for a new level.

DATELINE:  Tampa, FL, USA - November 23, 2194

	US Marine forces were deployed to an unnamed island SE of Costa
	Rica early today in an effort to "crackdown" on suspicious
	activities there.  The island is currently under ownership of the 
	Union Aerospace Corporation (UAC). In a press release just moments 
	ago, General Manklow is quoted as saying, "...The UAC was recently 
	found guilty of negligence in the assault on Earth by other-dimension 
	forces and it now appears as if the UAC knew of the danger involved 
	in such experimentation.  We have discovered a paddock on a remote 
	island that was apparently established to provide a stable, secure
	environment for creatures that were "retrieved" from the dimension
	portals.  In this environment, UAC scientists had hoped to observe
	the behavior of these beings and perhaps even communicate with them.
	But something has happened there, something for which the UAC staff
	didn't have the foresight to plan, and, as a result, my men are 
	having to put their lives in jeapordy today."  More to follow as this
	story unfolds.

MISSION:

	General Manklow has handpicked you as one of his "Elite Team Alpha."
	The few of you chosen are each handed the following brief:

	-The UAC base on Island "Omega" was constructed as a research
	facility but designed with a natural facade so as to be aesthetically
	pleasing to its inhabitants.  Several standard "containment fields" 
	(i.e. invisible force fences using deployed force poles placed at
	regular intervals) were installed to prevent roaming and/or
	stampeding and possible injury to the new inhabitants as a result.
	What was not standard for these fields was a new force science merging
	energy fields and teleportation theory.  These "telefences" eliminated
	the minor physiological and psychological injury that can result from
	energy field impact - they merely teleported the "field offender" to
	a safe location, never actually allowing them to come in contact with
	the force field.
	-This much we do know from the last communication out of the base.
	There has been a massive power surge at Omega.  As a result, the
	telefences are behaving erratically.  One section is down completely,
	others seem to be intact but during a simultaneous entry allow 1
	field offender to pass through, and still others have had their
	destination frequencies disturbed.  As a result, some creatures have
	escaped and are "on the prowl."  Fortunately, due to the holiday, UAC
	staff was at a minimum although it is believed that of the 5 who were
	on duty, 0 survived.
	-There are unconfirmed reports that a rogue rebel group of Marines
	were at fault for this catastrophe.
	-Your mission is to get in and do one of two things:
		1.  Restore power to the telefences and return stray
		    creatures to their exhibits.
		2.  Destroy all creatures for safe entry by civilians.
		3.  If any humans are posing as Marines, shoot on site.
	-Good luck and good shootin'!
       
You are led to the teleport pad and administered last rites.  You wonder if
you should have stayed home and played Tetris today as you step on the pad...
