
                             A DeHacked Patch
                         컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 
                        BARREL BLASTER !BETA! v0.9

[Requirements]

DeHacked v1.3
DOOM v1.2 Registered*

[Summary]

        The Barrel Blaster is a BETA patch for id's DOOM (registered). It
replaces the BFG with a new weapon -- one which lobs barrels a short distance
(where they remain until destroyed). I have filled a room with up to 25
barrels--great ambush possibilities!
        Does it work in deathmatch? I have no idea -- but I hope so! If anyone
tries it out, please email me and let me know! This weapon is great if you have
no other ammunition--the release patch of this weapon will have NO CLIP, so you
can always fall back on the barrel blaster if you're out of ammo and being
chased. I chose the slow frame rate of the BFG for realism -- I don't think
this patch would have the same effect if you could spit out barrels as fast
as the chaingun.

[Technical Aspects]

        For all you DeHackers out there -- this is not a simple hack! I went
through hours of trial and error to get it to work right. If you want to know
how I did a specific thing, feel free to email. If anyone makes any changes
(improvements) on this patch, please let me know, (that's all I ask.) I'm
currently working on a hand grenade--I've finished it, except I haven't
figured out how to make it travel farther than 5 feet or so.

[Bugs]

        I've had DOOM lock up on me several times using this patch. It hasn't
locked up in awhile, so maybe this bug went away. Also, if you shoot this
weapon (like an idiot) close to a wall, the barrel will go through it! I
assume that if you shoot the Barrel Blaster point-blank at an enemy character,
it'll go through him too. If you find any other bugs, please let me know.

[Disclaimer]

     컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
      This patch is BETA! Use it at your own risk. I'm not responsible for
                                   anything.
     컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

[About the Author]

Justin Pinder
pinder2@griffin.emba.uvm.edu
University of Vermont

Feel free to let me know what you think!

* DOOM is a registered trademark of id software.
