BUNNINGS.WAD		DOOM  Wad file

by Robin Kay, Perth, Western Australia, 1994
robinkay@acslink.net.au

This WAD file comprises three levels at the start of Episode 2:

E2M1:  Bunnings

This is set in the office of Bunnings where I work.  You begin in the toilet 
(don't forget to wash your hands), but try not to finish up there.  Make your 
way to reception to collect a pass from our friendly receptionist, then visit 
managers, accountants and even computer programmers on your way through.

It's a pretty accurate representation of the office, except I had to make some 
partitions reach to the ceiling (the ones with the Bunnings logo) because 
DOOM ran out of visiplanes if the player looked over them.  In reality they're 
the same height as the other partitions.

E2M2:  Towers

Vaguely inspired by the tower at the beginning of "Lord Foul's Bane" the first 
in the first Thomas Covenant trilogy by Stephen Donaldson.  Because DOOM lets 
you fall any distance without getting hurt, you can just jump off - but there 
are disadvantages to doing that.  There's another way down.

As for the rest:  things may not be as easy as they look.

E2M3:  Labyrinth

Daedalus' labyrinth from Greek mythology.  I really suggest you don't use any 
of the cheat key sequences for this: it's much better without them.  Very few 
monsters, very trap oriented.  If you think you're stuck, don't give up.  
Unless you are dying there is always a way out (I believe).  It is possible 
to complete this level without any ammunition - believe it or not.

General

All levels have been tested at various skill levels, but I haven't had a 
chance to test them in network games.  However, they are set up for Deathmatch 
or Co-operative games.

Put all these files in your \DOOM directory.

If you are not familiar with the DOOM command line use the BUNNDOOM.BAT file.  
To run at a different skill level use "-skill 1" (or 2,4 or 5) as an argument 
to BUNNDOOM.

If you get stuck for ideas, use the BUNDEMOn.BAT files to get some clues.  
They don't give away every secret but show how to complete each level.

I would like to see these run under DOOM2, but that will have to wait until 
someone produces a shareware WAD converter.

Acknowledgements

ID, of course.

I used DOOMCAD, DOOMED and DMAPEDIT to create the maps.  Each got around some 
of the limitations of the others.

I used DMGRAPH, DrGenius, Paintbrush and GWS for the graphics.
